
Commentary from Goal.com:

FT: MNU 4-1 ASV: Attention now turns to the big one against Bayern in midweek after a good United performance. Rooney's double set United on their way before Mata and Hernandez completed the victory. They remain in seventh place, however. For Villa, the situation gets a little bit difficult, as they could be just six clear of the relegation spots after today's games.
90′ +4 FULL-TIME: Man Utd 4-1 Aston Villa. A convincing scoreline. It's been 'plane' sailing for the hosts, indeed!
90′ +3 Yellow Card Matthew Lowton
90′ +3 YELLOW CARD -Lowton. The substitute picks up a booking for a late challenge.
90′ +2 For Aston Villa, it's the second week in a row that they've scored first and went on to lose 4-1.
90′ +1 Assist Adnan Januzaj
90′ +1 Goal Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez
GOAL! Man Utd 4-1 Aston Villa - HERNANDEZ! Januzaj skips past the defender and drills in a cross towards the back post. Hernandez turns it in, and that puts the stamp on a convincing win for the hosts.
90′ Three minutes added on at the end of the second half.
88′ Yellow Card Ciaran Clark
88′ Mata makes progress into the penalty box, but cannot exactly pick out Hernandez who is lurking in among the defenders. Fellaini too gets forward, but Villa repel's United advances.
87′ YELLOW CARD - Ciaran Clark. The Villa defender is booked for taking down Fellaini. That's the third of Villa's back four that have been cautioned.
84′ Tonev attempts another shot from distance, but fails to trouble David de Gea in the Man Utd goal. The Villans have had seven goal attempts, to United's six, but have been utterly woeful in the final third.
83′ With Rooney and Kagawa now rested, attention turns to their UEFA Champions League quarter-final against holders Bayern Munich, who are unbeaten all season and wrapped up the Bundesliga title in midweek.
81′ Into the final ten minutes in what has been a very good afternoon for David Moyes and Manchester United. They've risen to the challenge after falling behind early on. They've been a lot more combative in the middle.
79′ SUBSTITUTION - Aston Villa: Albrighton is replaced by Lowton.
78′ Substitution  Marc Albrighton  Matthew Lowton
77′ BENTEKE! Oh, he continues to be profligate in front of goal. Jones plays Benteke onside as he latches onto a loose ball. Carrick lets him go for De Gea, who remains rooted to the spot, but Benteke makes another hash of the opportunity.
76′ Wayne Rooney's double puts him at fourth in the all-time Premier League goalscorers list with 171 Premier League goals. Only Thierry Henry, Andy Cole and Alan Shearer are ahead of him. He is just four goals behind Henry's total of 175.
75′ Substitution  Wayne Rooney  Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez
75′ SUBSTITUTION - Man Utd: Wayne Rooney won't get his hat-trick. He is replaced by Javier Hernandez.
74′ Very audible instructions from Paul Lambert who is screaming at his players to get forward at United. They have the chance to now, through Tonev, who strikes from distance, but can't keep it down.
72′ SUBSTITUTION - Aston Villa: Alexandar Tonev replaces Gabriel Agbonlahor.
71′ Substitution  Gabriel Agbonlahor  Alexandar Tonev
71′ GUZAN! Fine save to deny Wayne Rooney his hat-trick. Lovely touch to bring down the ball in amongst the defenders and strike at goal, but Guzan spreads himself to thwart the attacker.
69′ JANUZAJ! The substitute makes a good first impression. Picks up the ball on the left, skipping past Albrighton and cutting in to evade Bacuna. Curls one from distance, down low, but it is a good save by Guzan.
68′ Substitution  Shinji Kagawa  Adnan Januzaj
67′ SUBSTITUTION - Man Utd: Adnan Januzaj replaces Shinji Kagawa, who has had a good performance this afternoon.
66′ Villa concede a free-kick after Benteke lunges at Mata, who was driving forward in search of another chance. Man Utd readying a change.
64′ Yellow Card Ryan Bertrand
63′ YELLOW CARD - Ryan Bertrand: The Chelsea loanee gets a booking after lunging at Ashley Young. Villa losing a bit of their cool in the last few moments.
61′ Fellaini's lucky not to be booked. Just days after an elbow at the Manchester Derby, he jumps again unfairly and sticks out a hand on the face of his opponent. No booking.
59′ Benteke has had a disappointing afternoon to date. Cannot get the better of Phil Jones, as he spurns another opportunity. Has proven to be wasteful in front of goal so far.
58′ United are in full voice here, as their big money signing from the January transfer window finally comes good. Moyes looks very pleased with Mata's first goal for the club. They take a 3-1 lead at Old Trafford.
57′ Goal Juan Mata
GOAL!! Man Utd 3-1 Villa - JUAN MATA!! Finally, Mata breaks his United deadlock, his first goal for the Red Devils. Fine movement from Fellaini, who gets it towards the number eight, and after a bit of confusion in the box, he fires into the bottom corner.
55′ It's Villa's turn to provide a threat at the other end. Weimann races forward, but scuffs the shot from distance. He believes he was clipped on the heels, hence the lack of power on the shot, but Atkinson waves away the claims.
54′ BENTEKE! Albrighton has been a massive threat on the wing. Another superb delivery as Benteke gets on top of Vidic to head narrowly over the crossbar. It was a fantastic chance.
52′ United continuing their pressure on the Villa goal, as Kagawa dribbles to the by-line, attempting to deliver the ball into the danger zone. Blocked by Vlaar.
51′ United break after dispossessing Villa from their corner. Young drives forward, with Kagawa and Rooney in front. Opts for the latter, but the move eventually fizzes out.
50′ BENTEKE!! What a chance. That was perfect for Villa to equalise from! Westwood with a superb pass into space for Benteke, who controls expertly but makes a total hash of the finish. Carrick comes back to clear the ball behind.
48′ Clark concedes a free-kick for a foul on Rooney. Phil Jones provides the long pass forward for Rooney to attempt to latch onto, but Guzan claims well.
47′ SUBSTITUTION - Man Utd: Rafael has been replaed by Michael Carrick. Phil Jones reverts to the right back role.
46′ Substitution  Rafael  Michael Carrick
46′ UNDERWAY in the second half at Old Trafford, United get us going attacking from right to left in this second half.
  The sides are out for the second half, and Man Utd have made a half-time change. More on that in a second.
  HT: MNU 2-1 ASV - Rooney's double gives United a comeback advantage against the Villans in an interesting first half. Westwood's free-kick put the visitors into a shock lead, but United have rallied, and rallied well to ease the pressure on Moyes.
45′ +2 HALF-TIME: Manchester United 2-1 Aston Villa
45′ +1 Into the first of two additional minutes at Old Trafford.
45′ Penalty Goal Wayne Rooney
GOAL! Man Utd 2-1 Aston Villa - ROONEY!! That's a fantastic penalty, fired with power to Guzan's left. 17th goal of the season, his second of the game. United with the lead.
44′ Yellow Card Leandro Bacuna
44′ PENALTY - YELLOW CARD for Leandro Bacuna. Mata is upended by the defender after he fails to get to the ball in time. United have a chance just before half-time to take the lead.
44′ PENALTY TO MANCHESTER UNITED
43′ Villa exuding confidence when going forward, but just a lack a bit of precision going forward. Too often, Benteke is met with wayward passes, and unable to make a serious impact in the opposite box.
41′ Long ball central for United, as Buttner wins the ball from Albrighton and promptly hoofs it over the back four at the other end. Mata cannot reach that in time.
40′ Lovely ball forward from deep as Mata chases the loose pass on the far side. Not for the first time, Guzan rushes out before changing his mind, but Villa get the ball away hurriedly.
38′ Weimann on the edge of the area has a good chance to work something serious after Benteke's header from the corner flies wide. From the resulting delivery, Weimann's cross is over-hit, and rushes out of play.
37′ Vidic unhappy as the assistant referee signals for a corner after he attempts to deflect the ball off of Albrighton. The visitors have a corner.
35′ Ten minutes to go until half-time, and it remains 1-1 here at Old Trafford. Rooney with his 12th goal against Villa, making them his favourite opponents.
33′ United improving as the first half wears on, but Moyes will be wanting more from his side after they reversed that early setback with the equalizing goal.
32′ Free-kick awarded to United after Kagawa is fouled, and United fail to take advantage. Mata plays a forward ball for Kagawa, but an intervention from Vlaar stops their momentum going forward.
30′ Played short by Westwood towards Delph. The midfielder attempts to lift the ball for Benteke in the box, but is unsuccessful as the ball goes out for a goal-kick.
29′ Free-kick awarded to Villa as Fellaini tussles unfairly with Albrighton. Another set-piece, though this one is from a greater distance. Westwood over it, nonetheless.
28′ Rooney unable to keep the ball in play as he chases a long cross-field pass. Villa move quickly forward from the throw-in, with Albrighton driving forward. He skips past the challenge of Buttner and Jones, and delivers into the box. United repel their advances, for now.
26′ VIDIC! Denied by Clark. Fine defending to thwart the Serbian. Rooney delivers in the free-kick with pace, but the Villa defender does well to hold his own and get the ball away.
25′ Kagawa wins a free-kick after a foul from Albrighton. The Japan international picked up his first assist of the season just moments ago.
24′ Fellaini combines with Buttner on the far left wing as Fletcher picks up the loose ball attempting to lift the ball for Kagawa to give chase. Thwarted by Vlaar.
23′ United upping the ante now as they seek to take the lead. Rooney drops deep and attempts a neat through ball for Mata, who embarks on a run into the box. It is well intercepted by Ron Vlaar.
21′ Relief sets at Old Trafford as United equalise. Worrying defensive performance from Villa there as Clark is left with two to mark. Instead, he leaves Rooney free, and the rest is history.
20′ Assist Shinji Kagawa
20′ Goal Wayne Rooney
GOAL! Man Utd 1-1 Aston Villa - ROONEY! Lovely period of attacking dominance from United. Kagawa, at walking pace delivers in a fine cross towards Rooney, who glances it into the bottom corner. His 16th of the season.
18′ First real chance for United as Young gallops away on the near side, and delivers in a low cross for Rooney. Guzan rushes out and claims, but he is hurt after a collision with the England striker.
17′ CLARK! Fine chance for Villa to extend their lead. Great delivery from the right by Albrighton, and it's a free header for Ciaran Clark, who diverts it over the bar.
17′ YELLOW CARD - Alexander Buttner: Another full-back in the book after a poor challenge against Albrighton. Buttner almost lashes out at his opposite player, and receives a booking from Martin Atkinson.
16′ Yellow Card Alexander Büttner
16′ Sloppy from Manchester United once again. David de Gea untroubled from a goal-kick, and he is immediately under pressure from Delph, who deflects the goal-kick towards a throw-in.
14′ A stunned silence at Old Trafford, from the home section anyway, as Villa take a deserved lead. Sir Alex Ferguson, in the director's box, looks unamused. What can the Red Devils do to recover from the setback?
13′ Goal Ashley Westwood
GOAL! Man Utd 0-1 ASTON VILLA - WESTWOOD!! What a free-kick, and what a goal! Fantastic strike from the midfielder, who lifts one over the wall and into the top corner. Great stuff! United up against it now.
12′ Yellow Card Rafael
12′ YELLOW CARD - Rafael: Poor tackle from the Brazilian, who sends Agbonlahor going to ground. The striker runs at the United defence, as Rafael concedes a free-kick in a fantastic position.
11′ Villa have started solidly, even more so in the possession count, leading with 59% of the ball so far. United have completed just 64% of their passes.
9′ United have a free-kick on this near side. Curled in by Juan Mata, it is helped on by Rooney. Villa struggle to get it away, with Vidic aiming to reclaim possession, but the ball goes out for a throw-in.
8′ Offside call from the assistant referee as Agbonlahor strays offside after a long pass from Brad Guzan. Easy decision to make.
7′ Not the best free-kick delivery from Westwood, as it is headed away by Phil Jones at the first attempt.
6′ Agbonlahor makes a run down the left wing, with an option on his left as Bertrand moves on the overlap. He is upended by Rafael, as the visitors win a free-kick. Unnecessary challenge.
4′ Delph attempts to carve open the United defence through the middle, but he is thwarted by Vidic who makes a neat tackle. Villa have the pace, and will be hoping to make an impact on the counter attack.
3′ Quite a measured start from Villa, who have made overtures in the opposition half in these early stages. Weimann attempts to make a run, but is met by resistance from Buttner who gets the ball away.
2′ And the plane has made an appearance! Titled 'Wrong One, Moyes Out" - a huge banner in the sky is met by boos from a section of Manchester United fans.
1′ Underway at OLD TRAFFORD! Aston Villa get us going, attacking from right to left in what is a lovely afternoon in Manchester. Will United rise to the challenge? We soon shall see.
  
No sign of the plane whatsoever, but David Moyes receives a massive round of applause as a section of fans turn their back on the plane stunt.
  MAN UTD: De Gea, Rafael, Jones, Vidic, Buttner, Young, Fellaini, Fletcher, Kagawa, Mata, Rooney.
  ASTON VILLA: Guzan, Bacuna, Vlaar, Clark, Bertrand, Westwood, Delph, Albrighton, Weimann, Benteke, Agbonlahor.
  CONFIRMED TEAM NEWS
  United have conceded two goals at least, in each of their last three home league games, a first since 1979. Defeat this afternoon will open up the chance for the likes of Southampton and Newcastle to close the gap on seventh place.
  Meanwhile, Aston Villa were rocked by a heavy 1-4 defeat to Stoke in their last game. Paul Lambert's side sit in mid-table, but will be hoping to become the latest team to spring a shock against the champions.
  Moyes faces unbelievable pressure to succeed at Old Trafford, but he also faces a fan revolt, with the United supporters' group unveiling a banner in the skies ahead of a kick-off, lambasting their current manager.
  The Premier League champions sit a long way off top, but Moyes will have one eye on a mouthwatering UEFA Champions League quarter-final against holders Bayern Munih in midweek. 
  Manchester United seem to limp from disaster to disaster under David Moyes. The Red Devils, buoyed by a brief respite from their problems after a 3-0 win over Olympiakos, were suddenly beaten comprehensively again by Manchester City in midweek.
  Good afternoon and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Manchester United and Aston Villa. I'm Mohammed Ali, and I'll be guiding you through the events at Old Trafford.